The President:
Hi, everybody.
Restoring the idea of
opportunity for all
requires a year of
action from all of us.
Wherever I can act on my
own, I will --
and whenever I can ask more
Americans to help,
I'll do that too.
In my State of the Union
Address, for example,
I asked more business
leaders to take action
to raise their
employees' wages.
Because even though our
economy is growing,
and our businesses have
created about eight
and a half million new jobs
over the past four years,
average wages have
barely budged.
So it's good news that,
earlier this week,
one of America's largest
retailers, The Gap,
decided to raise wages for
its employees beginning
this year.
Their decision will
benefit
about 65,000 workers
in the U.S. That means more
families will be able to raise
their kids, finish their
studies,
or keep up on their bills with a little
less financial stress and strain.
Gap's CEO explained their
decision simply -- he said,
"[It's] right for our
brands, good for our
people, and beneficial
to our customers."
And he's right - raising
Americans' wages isn't
just a good deed; it's
good business
and good for our economy.
It helps reduce turnover,
it boosts productivity,
and it gives folks some
more money to spend
at local businesses.
And as a chief executive
myself, that's why I took
action last week to lift
more workers' wages
by requiring federal
contractors to pay their
employees a fair wage of
at least $10.10 an hour.
In the year since I first
asked Congress to raise
the minimum wage, six
states have passed laws
to raise theirs, and more
states are working
on it as we speak.
But only Congress can
finish the job
and lift Americans' wages
across the country.
Right now, there's a bill
before Congress that would
boost America's minimum
wage
to $10.10 an hour. That's easy
to remember - "ten-ten."
That bill would lift wages
for more than 16 million
Americans without
requiring a single dollar
in new taxes or spending.
But even though a
majority of Democrats,
Independents, and
Republicans across the
country support raising
the minimum wage,
Republicans in Congress
don't want
to give it a vote.
Hardworking Americans
deserve better than "no."
Let's tell Congress
to say "yes."
Pass that bill.
Give America a raise.
Because here in America,
no one who works hard
should have to live in
poverty --
and everyone who works hard
should have a chance
to get ahead.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.